City Slots is a game based on combining the 'combinatorial fun' of Luck be a Landlord with a city builder. The City builder should add another strategic layer on top of the basic slots mechanic

Look at Townscaper, The Block for juice inspiration

Use KenneyNL city builder demo as a base for the game
  models
  grid
  building placement
 
The game has two halves to the UI. The left half is a 4x4 slot machine grid in 2D. The right is a 16x16 city builder grid, divided into 4 2x2 sections split by roadways..

The game will alternate between a 'pull' phase (activating the slot machine) and a 'build' phase (building or adding onto a building in the city).

The Pull phase will create a random assortment of symbols based on the player's 'deck'. The player then gains resources based on the symbols created.
  There could be bonuses or adjustments based on the city block.

The Deck phase will allow the player to build or remove a building. The game will work with the idea of 'stacking' buildings on top of each other. Different combinations / arrangements of buildings will allow different powers, gain different abilities (relics?), or incomes.

The game will have a Cozy City vibe. Creating a walkable city, green spaces, etc. As a stretch goal, making tons of money and tons of factories could increase pollution levels and make the city worse.
  Industry could add a pollution malus to all neighboring squares and all layers below it
    Some equilibrium of building fancy houses up above the pollution levels, houses below turn to slums.
   
Different resources:
  Energy - made by power plants
  Pops - made by houses
  Money - made by all
  Food - used by pops
  Happiness - VPs

  Basic Chain:
    Food    ->  Pops    --> Money
                Energy  -^

Buildings and building combinations
  Park - Top piece. (Nothing on top.) +100% tax of adjacent House pieces. +50% tax of elevated nieghbor Houses.
  House - Needs Food, produces 1 Pop. 1 money per cycle.
  Farm? - Gives Food, takes pop.
  Market - Gives Food
 

Stretch: Morning / Afternoon / Evening / Night cycles for city? There could be separate bonuses per building at different times.


The basic question of the game needs to be: Where is the player making choices?
  lets do that at the building level.
  The player
 
Buildings and combos create symbols for slots. Symbols are modified by the buildings they land on and collected.

Symbol: Gold. Destroyed when played, creates $1.
Symbol: Goods. Creates $1.
Building: Train Station. Generates 5 Golds per turn. Destroys Goods that land on it and creates $5 per.
Symbol: Food. Creates $1.
Symbol: Pop. Creates $2.
Building: House. Generates 1 Gold per turn. If a Food lands on it, replaces with a Pop.
Symbol: Doubloon. Destroyed on play, creates $2.
Building: Park. Nearby Residence buildings create Doubloons.
Building: Bank. Destroys Money symbols, doubles their value.
Building: Market. Generates 1 Food per turn.
Building: Factory. Generates 1 Goods per turn.


Maybe keeping it a broad 'cozy city' theme without much in the way of logistics is a better way to go about it. Keeping the symbols more abstract allows more freedom in how they interact with each other.

What are some major 'strategies' or themes that the payer could go for?
Food / foodie (restaurants, bakeries, bars, coffee shops, markets, food trucks)
Music (bars, venues, concert halls, coffee shops)
Culture (museums, libraries, universities)
Books (bookstores, coffee shops, libraries, universities)


Idea: Roads 'connect' and catch symbols, but only when the road is completed.